# To-Do-List_Project

Welcome to my Todo List app! When first opening the app, you will be faced with two sections: the first being the left-hand to-do list section; this will be where you add new to-do lists by typing a name into the bar at the top. The second section is where you will add, delete, edit, and search for your todos. If you ever need to change the name of your list, you can do so by clicking the name as it is displayed at the top center of your screen. To add a list item, you simply type a new todo into the purple box under your list name. Once you have a todo completed, you can then click the white box to the left of the todo, and it will complete it. If you want to change the todo, you can either click on the edit button on the far left or click directly on the todo. If you don't like the todo or just don't need it anymore, you can always click the trash can next to the edit button to delete it. Sometimes, when your to-dos stack up and you can't find one, you might need to use the search button. To do so, just click the magnifying glass near the top of the page and type in what you're looking for. Then it will take you to the top three results of your search as well as highlight what it found. after your list is all done, or you just want to clear up some room. You can click the "clear completed" button in the purple box and clear all your checked todos. Once you're done with your list, you can either hold onto it for later use or delete it by clicking the trash can to the far right of the list name.